docs/proposal.md, before:

# Final project proposal
This file is the template for your final project proposal. Please update this file with your proposal details (delete these first two sentences, please :slightly_smiling_face:)

## Hardware/software proposal 1
Describe one of the hardware and software proposals. The hardware and software must work together. Include a brief description of the hardware/software interface (e.g., what sort of registers will you create/use, etc.)

## Hardware/software proposal 2
Describe the other hardware and software proposal. The hardware and software must work together. Include a brief description of the hardware/software interface (e.g., what sort of registers will you create/use, etc.)

## Extra credit
Define any extra credit proposals here.

## Division of labor
Briefly describe who will be working on what. For extra credit tasks and any software above the driver level, it is okay for both group members to work on a single piece, so long as the division of labor and responsibilities are clear.

Commit message:

Jonny Section of the Proposal

docs/proposal.md, after:

# Final project proposal

## Hardware/software proposal 1
Push button that acts as a binary counter, displayed on the LED array. The binary counter will increment every time the button is pushed.
The software will allow the user to change the value that the counter increments by. The software will interact directly with one register that will change the incrementing value.

## Hardware/software proposal 2
Describe the other hardware and software proposal. The hardware and software must work together. Include a brief description of the hardware/software interface (e.g., what sort of registers will you create/use, etc.)

## Extra credit
Define any extra credit proposals here. ???

## Division of labor
We will split the labor of the implamentation of the led array because we will both use the component. 

Riley will develop his hardware component, and Jonny will implament the software involved with his hardware.

Jonny will develop his hardware component, and Riley will implament the software involved with his hardware.

DELETE BEFORE FINAL PUSH:
Briefly describe who will be working on what. For extra credit tasks and any software above the driver level, it is okay for both group members to work on a single piece, so long as the division of labor and responsibilities are clear.
